Mom mom your mom mom
My mother is allergic, please give him medicine for allergies.
Anti-allergic medicine
Allergy medicine bar
Medicine is allergy difficult medicine
Am I sick at home today?
How can you talk like that?
My mother followed the doctor's advice
And did nothing
What happened in your hospital
Why do you say that?
Your mother had allergies before
Why don't you notify me every day?
This will kill you, you know?
allergy
We don't eat anything allergic, do we?
Just a sip of chicken soup
My mom used to drink chicken soup all the time
I'm a doctor. I don't know if I'm allergic.
That's because you are not good at medicine.
My mother suffered from cerebral congestion and compressed nerves, resulting in lesions
It also made her allergic to wolfberry
I don't know about wolfberry allergy.
Mom, I didn't mean to
It's okay, Snowy.
In the future, just don't give Mom anything with wolfberry.
Yeah. How do you know that?
I can tell at a glance
Hmph take a look
What did you do with your eyes?
What about joint venture resonance?
You stinky migrant workers
I just watch too many online jokes.
In order to pretend to disregard the life of his own mother
Do you want to like him?
You go to fashion
Go to the press conference
That can pretend to be you
So what's up?
Noisy college president